May we come to our duty?
Chair, we begin again by welcoming the folks who have come here as guests of the committee
to attend your hearings.
I tell you you are welcome.
So, all your attention to a standing rule of the committee, which forbids any manifestations
of approval or disapproval of an audible nature by any member of the audience at any time.
The officers that you see before you and the plain clothes men scattered to the audience
have a standing instruction from the committee to remove from the room immediately but politely
to anybody who at any time violates the terms under which you enter the room which was
to refrain entirely from manifestations of approval or disapproval.
Chair has two announcements to make.
He is very certain of the context of the first after he has touched on around the table.
It was decided by General Agreement that in his mantra, the Monday of next week is a legal
holiday.
There will be no meeting of the committee and the legal holiday.
So, when we adjourn and party, we will recess until Tuesday morning at 10 o'clock.
We also have a meeting on the question of the monitored telephone call Mr. Welsh produced
a new form of a new statement which has been signed by Mr. Stevens and Mr. Paters.
It was signed by all of the members of the subcommittee, seven members of the subcommittee.
Chair understands that the monitored telephone call involving Mr. McCarty, Senator McCarty,
Mr. Cohn and Mr. Carr have now been turned over to the custody of Council Secretary.
And there will be additional signatures for any calls involving members of the subcommittee.
There will also be turned over to Council Secretary Jenkins.
Council Jenkins is going to spend a considerable portion of tonight while every time he is
necessary with his staff, determining which calls are relevant and whether there are any
items of security from the standpoint of our national security interest involved in any of
the calls.
In connection with the introduction as evidence, once the subcommittee has decided on advice
of Council, which calls are relevant and to be introduced.
We will ask whoever happens to be on the stage of the time, whether it be somebody representing
the position of Mr. Stevens and Adams, or somebody representing the position of Senator McCarty,
Mr. Cohn and Mr. Carr, to step down at that time so that we can introduce those calls with
the possible, with the least possible amount of delay.
The audience has a cheer on you, but I have heard that you have a good session.
Mr. Chairman, find a minute.
As I commend the door, I have stood you to play the son of Mr. Cohn and not.
I think it should be made clear that all of my men are for 12, all of Mr. Cohn, all of Mr. Carr.
I already am a hand, I will let you join from Mr. Cohn and Mr. Cohn and Mr. Cohn and Mr. Cohn.
Those calls have not yet been delivered.
It has to do with the judgments, and now find an agreement.
They have all signed the same agreement, and so Mr. Wilson is able to deliver to Mr. Jenkins.
Those calls under the same restrictions and on the same basis, with your calls, are going to deliver to Mr. Jenkins.
Mr. Chairman, I shall.
I am a comment.
Well, I'm very inquired about it.
I am a chair of the CAA, but all of the principals and all members are looking at their hands, so I am going to.
I do feel as one exception because I do not know whether Mr. Cohn is considered under the head of the principal.
He was not up to meeting. He did not see the difference over 50 times.
He already signed over 50 times.
He signed over 40 times. That's three weeks ago.
Very well, but then, the basis for that information might presume that the calls of Mr. Cohn, either have been delivered to Mr. Jenkins or are not available.
Would you count through the will of all the national witnesses, Mr. Charley, the presentation of the seasons out in the side of the case, Mr. Cohn.
Mr. Chairman, I have a wire here, which I would like to put in the record.
The Mrs. Dorothy ship, published her the New York Post.
The wire reads as follows.
As you know, Santa McCogkey this morning repeatedly characterized the New York Post as a communist sheep.
He has previously made similar posts and ridiculous charges against the New York House of June, the New York Times, the Washington Post,
the Baltimore Sun and the magazine publisher, By-Han Reloots, but it means published by, I don't know, but that's the way it reads.
Who have known me and my family for over 25 years, who have heard the testimony of our editor, Jimmy Wexberg, when he was called before the McCarthy Committee.
I know that you know my devotion to democracy and my hatred of both communism and fascism at home and abroad.
But for the benefit of millions of people who may not know me or my newspaper, I would appreciate it if he would read this statement into the record of the hearing today,
sincerely Dorothy Sherp, publisher New York Post.
Mr. Cohn, can you confirm it?
I think it's due to that wire from the publisher.
I think I should confirm it.
I think maybe she has one point in my wire.
If I referred to it as a communist sheep, I should have referred to it as a communist land sheep.
I'm glad to fact a record. I don't think that they get their directions as a daily worker to those directions that the headquarters have become a part of it.
Just a complete communist wire in the paper.
I'm going to say that, well, I have discussed the infiltration of certain elements of the press and the offensive they have added to the commissioners.
I feel that the New York Post is in a class almost by itself.
It is not a follow-up for today. I agree that the daily worker is not publicly under the discipline I assume of the communist party.
I don't know what it appears to be.
They do follow the daily workers that it oils.
Completely fouling them.
You're very sure that the communist party, the editor of the paper, had missed it.
They had missed it. He was one of the top functionaries.
The young communist league claims that reform, knowing the case, never reform.
Certainly has never done anything like what the certain individuals who were members of the party reform,
just to find it done. He continues to attack the FBI, continues to attack any committee, anyone who was exposing communist.
They are excited. One final word in this connection with Mr. Chairman.
I do this because of the wire.
When I refer to the elements of a press which have been immunized by the people of New York Service for the communist party,
I think that I always make it clear that the vast majority of the press,
I are performing a great service and bringing news to the American people.
It takes, for example, a working class here, at least 90 percent of them.
I think some of the finest Americans I've ever met, so that we make no mistake about any claim that all of the press are communist controlled.
Just one further word to...
We know that one of the aims on the orders of the communist party has been so safe,
they press and control the media of information.
I feel they have done that thoroughly insofar as the New York Post is concerned.
I feel that it's next to the daily worker, following his line, doing great service,
becoming the party of the party of the Supreme Court,
which I am nothing on as soon as I'm discussing this further.
I'm sorry, Mr. Chairman, but here you at least, we admit it.
Again, it makes us pleased that we get on with the case of hand because certainly,
among our problems, there's nothing investigation of the New York Post.
Thank you, Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, there has been much discussion of the federal fuel investigation,
commonly termed the FBI.
In all the six positions that I held the executive side of the government,
I always had next to me either an FBI man or an FBI train man.
The Air Force today is one of the great boys at the FBI,
one of the greatest boys the FBI has ever put out.
He's now a major general in the Air Force, and he handled those matters.
The only reason that I bring this up is,
but all there was back to any member of this committee,
or any member of this committee stand.
I think I know Mr. J. Edgar Hoover, as well as any other member of the committee,
and I know that I admire him, at least as much, as any other member of the committee.
Thank you.
You will call an explicit superintendent from Cedars-Ratton-Francini.
Mr. Sounds.
Please.
Mr. Sathin in the room.
The way you are going to do it, is the time Mr. Sathin is here.
First of all, I'm here about to give you the juice, the whole juice,
and nothing but the juice you've got.
You can add it to your ear.
You can try it.
Mr. Chairman, I should make this statement.
Mr. Samson, as well as the witness that will follow Mr. Seagull.
Our representatives are of the Chesapeake,
the telephone company in New York, telephone company respectively.
The report was merely now in the introduce and the help of some of the managers.
This man, on the road, can say that he left a 2000,
five hundred thousand won to me,
and Mr. Sathin knows that I still lift the phone down,
but I'll tell you the time.
Well, if the folks are agreeable,
if it's all party, that's the only wife in the institution,
everything's back and set, all of the records are the two telephone couples.
The reception of the fire, when that's nothing,
that is poor and testimony, and it has been issued out of the government.
There is nothing with history in this channel with both aesthetic kinds,
as the original telephone pick is made to introduce by the tent.
Before you introduce the call from the government,
Mr. Tankham's decide which ones are certain persons.
I think any phone calls, any phone calls from the committee here,
Mr. Sain, any calls from him to the committee.
And perhaps other calls may be certain.
I personally was, and I think with a bit of a,
I personally was, of the making public and the names of all the people
that Mr. Sain might have called.
And I'll be glad to rely on Mr. Tankham's death on that.
I'll let the letter go on.
Mr. Tankham's office is canceled,
but an agreement has been issued.
Mr. Walsh has no disposition to involve people who are not going to be called as witnesses.
I think enough of Mr. Tankham's and the calls that he introduced about understanding.
Mr. Tankham, we will be delivered to you,
this watch, the Dr. Walsh's.
Mr. Tankham's meeting,
you know, when you'll be the next to Dr. Walsh,
so the state is making laws.
Mike, you might be the next to Dr. Walsh.
Mr. Tankham's office is on,
as well as Mr. Tankham's office.
I'll beuchi's
minus
motor
night
Don't
buy
another
I was at this point to read a letter of death to me of May 13th.
Mr. Jenkins
I see hearings on late times, Mr. Corne and Senator MacArthur about us for
first taste on page 2246 of the transcripts of following appears.
Mr. Corne
Mr. Secretary, we need now to address the name of the person our persons to give
him honor with his charge to the Communist Major Major Erving Correct Mr. Jenkins.
Mr. Janet is in my opinion with that question and I am sure that he is there by
with the only relative to the issues of this controversy.
Mr. Corne and Senator MacArthur's first father are over for the names of the
officers and the facilities of the Inspector General's report.
They have anything to do with the day's personnel actions concerning correct.
I could tell the discussion of following the three's on page 2250, Mr. Jenkins.
I certainly don't know any of the reverse of the position I think Mr. Chairman.
I think it is time I'm showing my objection and then I'll pay $2.565 to stay.
And then the names as I understand it, the chairman who the division is.
To this committee are me as is counseled privately and without a spoozing their name.
At the top of page 2250, Chairman, months 30.
The other names of the question, Mr. Corne should be submitted confidentially and account for our committee.
Because we don't want to expand the circle of witnesses anymore than necessarily.
There are five softwares, changes, the investigation of the Inspector General's office and the same
investigating officer in the press.
According me, I, according may I announce the missing of the attack on the low.
Remain requested.
I've been so as a personal and private communication and that's the feet names.
The animal you in line with the quotation mentioned the most until here's Robert Stevens.
Secretary of the Army.
For sure should I let her, Mr. Chairman.
Another envelope addressed to me as special jumpsuit for this committee and Mark Contevento was delivered.
It is a soon-underlow.
It has not been opened by me and I have not, of course, examined the contents of it.
After doing that, it contains the information that's put in the Secretary's letter to me of May 13th.
We have converted the records, the transcripts of the proceedings in the state.
The quotation that's put there in our corrective support.
For sure and for that, Mr. Chairman, I say nothing to be gained by me as counsel,
choosing this confidential report and going into the information requested by Mr. Colne.
Since it was to be delivered to me and to no one else.
And I now ask the Chairman's permission to return it.
The Council for the Army.
They call it.
It is given to me on condition that our mother of the elite's come name.
No purpose could ever be by my retaining it in my position.
I am not clear by confidential information.
And I will say that Mr. Chairman greatly relieved that I am allowed to see unbuttoned,
and I am not even covered by this highly confidential and secret information.
Before the Chairman make any really a comment on the permanent subcommittee,
which has been attempting to get this information for a month,
not as Chairman of this committee.
I will just say in order, Mr. Jenkins,
not turned it over to us.
I don't want you to argue about that now, but they not put that beyond our control.
And I am saying it's not as harmful to Mr. Colne, Mr. Troyer,
and this investigation of the day.
I've been trying to get the names of those who promoted, who protected,
and covered up the time of the major.
I attempt to get that brought on with hearing.
I tell you for a closure of time this now for a week.
So the Chairman of the Cromon Committee,
does not end up getting sent in this?
I will now.
Be sure that might be Colne, they subpoena.
I'm not going to have to be turned over to us.
If it's been given Mr. Jenkins an confidential nature,
I will discuss that with him, discuss with the Chair,
but I don't want to put the audience control regardless of what they tell us in this particular case.
Period.
The Chair recalls the Colne, which, uh,
produced the envelope in question.
It developed out of a series of interrogatories,
emanating from the metripy Colne car end of the table,
to the effect that these hearings perhaps were retarded the date when,
if I could tell you, the Army,
could make available to his committee,
as contracted, contracted with this special committee,
the information on the progress case.
If you are of the introduction,
in the testimony of the so-called memo of undefensed,
in which the Secretary of the Army, Mr. Stevens, agreed,
that after the Inspector General's report was made,
he would provide the information very much to the regular investigating committee,
again, as contested with this committee.
Finally, to the end that we could get on with the hearings,
and that we could demonstrate as possible,
that it was not delaying that determination on the parts of Mr. Stevens.
He was requested to provide any confidential matter,
to our council, the information,
so that Mr. McCarthy and his associates can be assured of the fact that that information had now been defined,
and then isolated.
It was available to them under the terms of the number of understanding,
and inappropriate time, when he returned to the chairmanship of the committee.
So I think it has fully accomplished purpose.
I do not feel that we should continue to hold that,
so that Mr. Jenkins responsible for the information,
because he does not, as he said, have any right to open it?
I do not feel that we should continue to be against it.
My name is Thomas Chairman, I perform,
and I make this very clear for the right.
As the chair knows, it does not necessarily have to be this,
so very written, so you know, one of what's written for that evidence.
And all the ruling,
if the written says not applied,
the certain information that the Secretary has has made it by a committee,
that is sufficient.
So Mr. Jenkins will consider that the subpoena disc is taken as being served upon him.
I'm not asking you to turn it over to us now, I'm asking you to stay there.
Until it's up to him, he can advise that Chairman wants,
but if they, if they, if they, if they, if they,
if Council's friends are having an all holding response,
so I don't want it to go beyond that result.
The answer for our is that the chair is concerned,
and he thinks it believes that the communication has turned its purpose,
he's furtherly worrying the discussion with the colleagues and executive sessions sometimes,
any motion that might indicate what this position Council should make a written suggest
for the time being,
it continues to keep it in his position, and in a confidential statement.
We will next time.
All right, gentlemen.
All right, questions.
Those officers admitted
far with purposes that this committee,
or all of them, now they're saying,
or what conditions your thoughts of the committee are suggested in connection with the requirements
that Council has read from the excerpts of the testimony.
It was submitted to the government states so that we would all know that the
ascertainment had been made.
That's a department of the Army now knows who was responsible for the sort of situation
and is demonstrating of that, that demonstration of that fact.
I submitted that information to all Council and conformity with the call I think
which said it should be submitted on a confidential basis enough to publicize.
Mr. Chairman.
All right, I'd like to invite you to fire further.
Before I am personally concerned,
and I have a member of the committee,
and this is the path to the announcement of the committee.
All the powers are under way, so now there's no reason
or the committee should know of the information.
All right, I'll have to say, in line, submit it in the description,
and if we don't need it, will that no response be delivered before?
Or it's not the part of it in the issues in this case.
I'm trying to determine whether it's submitted though,
whether you're understanding that it is not to be reviewed
through the regular short committee when it is approved.
If so, we should determine about that.
I think firstly the committee has entitled to it.
Whether they consider not,
Chairman, but I don't want us to take a position here
that by the way is a condition of which the testimony is open,
which the documents are submitted,
until we know that it is either being made available
or that we issue the subpoena to the public source.
Because they have the same information and the subpoena to be issued
to the army for delivery.
And he's found that there is a position like the committee.
May the chair say he's in complete agreement?
With the position of the Sunday for Mark and Sarah,
certainly the interest in the Peresse case is nationwide.
It's public business.
The answer should be made public.
But if Alvin is making the information public probably is more appropriately,
the subcommittee when chaired by Senator McCarthy and its ordinary status
rather than this.
He will ask the council to examine carefully the background
by which we got this information.
And if the senator from Arkansas is just to inquire of the secretary of the army,
whether he will send it out to make it a part of this particular matter.
May I have a follow-up?
Yes, sir.
There's one more.
I have a follow-up.
As of now, so far as I know, I think this information should be required
by the regular subcommittee, not the pending army.
But I don't want to get something to the back door.
I want to go right by the rectification of the army and get it and bring it up here.
That's my...
Mr. Chairman, I have a yield for a minute.
I'll get to you next time.
I'd like to ask some of my phone yield for a minute.
I have a few minutes to say that as ranking members of the member
that side of the committee looks good.
That's why I have asked that the committee will be held in federal school
before I would order this news.
Or I can't overlooking it.
I'm not sure if the committee will be taken up with my authority.
As soon as this investigation is over, no use of that in the mandate.
I will not have to be turned over to me until the other six senators
on the regular investigate committee make their decision on them.
I've said the same, I see the object in the hold of it.
But I like to do it direct.
I like the subcommittee army.
They haven't bring it up yet.
Whether it is the committee...
I just don't want to put beyond our control in case we decide
that we're in federal school.
Mr. Chairman, I have a sentence.
A parliamentary inquiry.
What can we say?
A reference was made to a memorandum of understanding.
Yes, I'm sure that you're not as innocent about the contents of that.
It's your face by indicates.
Well, I'm understanding in which you participate.
I'm a resident of that colleague.
Can I consolidate the public in lunch?
Which we held with the Secretary of State.
Well, the only point. I'm not bringing any party to the chamber.
I didn't bring him a memorandum on the Senate, but I just wanted to make sure that...
I know no memorandum of understanding by which I'm bombed or my colleagues on this cyber bomb.
Directly memorandum understanding by.
I don't know the reason for the army to make it that kind.
Well, I don't think it ought to be in these procedures.
That's all.
Mr. Chairman, I got hold of it.
So, this time, what was the memorandum of the Green?
I'm sure I can put it for base.
But I'm one of it.
But the reason was that the Inspector General was going to go into the arrest matter.
Well, there's an avar committee to continue to explore.
And when the Inspector General had made his report, the information would be made available to our committee.
Yes.
That's not a memorandum of interpretation.
And I would quote him like the court room, because I don't take it on short-term.
Now, you may proceed with the decision.
There.
Mr. George, apparently, has one water.
Now, the point of order, Mr. Love?
I have two.
The four steps of telephone.
Nothing.
I'm at the nation.
No question about that, I'm sure, and I'll place you on the table.
Mr. Chairman, I think that I have an announcement that will be received very happily.
So, please, making that announcement, I should like to make inquiry of Mr. Welch with respect to one or two matters.
Mr. Welch has counseled for this subcommittee I have invented to the best of my ability to develop the Army's proof.
As far as I know, I have put on the witness stand, each and every witness who had asked me to put on.
There were some two or three additional witnesses here today, and he expected the use of the Army.
You might support their testimony together.
And decided that it was either a community lady,
or that it was not the peculiar material of this time.
Are you now set as fragments to us for us to cause the Army's case with the understanding that you're not particularly from putting on any material rebuttal proof?
Thank you very much for giving me this opportunity.
You do now have what you might call a permissation to an English for the Army.
Please, please.
There are at least two other witnesses that I understand will be called as committee witnesses.
If not otherwise, call.
One is five of G David Shines, and the other is Mr. Frank Taw.
I do not worry anything I say now, wish to indicate that I have no interest in those two witnesses.
I do.
But I must say I am afraid you case that so the original witnesses would I wish to have called.
You have treated me Mr. Jenkins with the utmost consideration.
You have been prepared to put on at least two witnesses that were accumulating that for the Fourth Monmouth incident when Mr. Colm was excluded from the laboratories who were accumulating.
They were excused in fact because of the Senator saying yesterday that he was conceived of Mr. Colm as a least angry on that occasion.
So I have been able to contract the Army's permissification to that extent and subject only to what I say here.
Then you have called the witnesses I have asked to call.
Mr. Welch, thank you very kindly for what you have said.
But I am about to close the Army's case unless there is a specific objection on your part.
When will we act in honor of your due absurd?
Is to have your unconditional consent so to do and expect to call upon Senator McKipley to make the same public announcement when I shall have finished the presentation of his case.
There is this difference Mr. Jenkins between this and an ordinary law, but this as they hear it, in which it is as I can see but the urgency Mr. Jenkins to call for all the facts.
No, as I have constantly said to the newspaper men when they would say to me who is the Army's next witness I have said Mr. Jenkins called the witnesses and you certainly do.
You have now called all the witnesses that I have asked to call to make the final face your case as I have indicated.
I have wanted however to make it very careful.
Carefully a matter of records that I do not wish to exclude from this.
The fact that I consider it quite a good duty to call the two men that I have mentioned if they are not otherwise called, meaning shine and car.
And failing that if they wish you fail to call them in the last hour to decide which to insist on my own part that they be called.
At any time during the preceding meetings as counsel for the Army, Senator McCartney and Mr. Cohn are invited to criticize any daily stimulus maybe on my part.
And to request me publicly to put on any witness that I haven't put on, I welcome that.
Thank you.
And now the gentleman and members of the Committee are very heavily announced that we have concluded with their own case.
And I am now the guy to call as the first witness for the Senator McCartney.
Sir Mr. William Cohn.
Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman.
While I'm going to go to the witness stand, let's return to our studios across the country to permit our stations to identify themselves.
I'm evolving.
Tomorrow night, Kraft television theater brings you one of the truly great dramatic hours on television.
A fine play with a fine cast.
Watch for the different temperament on your screen.
When you see him, you know you can tell him on an hour of enjoyment with your favorite players and the featured roles.
Watch Kraft television theater tomorrow night.
All the way to the hotel, Kraft, lose those poems, get in step with Louis Shannon, sugarcane jelly.
Grape, strawberry, black raspberry, orange, Montenegro.
Waterment is calories for a teaspoon bowl.
You read it mostly by Mr. Cohn.
I've worked on it for a second and my sentence is written with Mr. Cohn.
I'm the president.
That's Alan.
I trust this one of those will make his motion satisfactory.
All right.
The first motion to dismiss these charges against Mr. Hinsley is manifestly impaired as those who made the charges.
They have not had an opportunity to testify against Mr. Hinsley.
Whether they walk or withdraw the charges, I do not know.
But the charges against Mr. Hinsley were made by Senator McCartney, Mr. Cohn.
And that's the car possible.
And they have not had a chance to prove their case against them.
We've been wearing charges made by the Army against the other side.
I insist that that motion is premature.
That is the manifestly impaired as Senator McCartney has to made the charges.
And I respectfully urge the Senator to withdraw.
Mr. Cohn, how is the other case?
Many add to that by saying that the charges with reference to Mr. Hinsley.
I have a question for Mr. Cohn.
I'm certainly not a part of the Army's case under the documents before us.
I would not be able to wonder whether I'm a serious one.